README.md, before:

# Unet-from-scratch

The repository contains an implementation of [U-Net: Convolutional Networks for Biomedical Image Segmentation](https://arxiv.org/abs/1505.04597).

The file structure follows the one in [Recurrent Visual Attention Model implementation](https://github.com/Mgryn/recurrent-visual-attention) by kevinzakka, as it's very well organized and I have previous experience with this code.

## Motivation

I choose the U-net as it is easy to implement and very effective network in various image processing tasks. 

## File structure

- config.py: parameters of the network
- main.py: loads the dataset and starts training
- trainer.py: contains class for setting the model and starting training
- model.py: contains the U-net model
- modules.py: contains elements of the model
- data_utils.py: functions necessary for preprocessing, data loading and augmentations

## Future work

This project is still in progress. The training script has not been properly tested yet. 

It would be great to implement ability to work with:
- different sized input
- bigger number of classes (currently 2).

Commit message:

modification of the training loop to eliminate bugs

README.md, after:

# Unet-from-scratch

The repository contains an implementation of [U-Net: Convolutional Networks for Biomedical Image Segmentation](https://arxiv.org/abs/1505.04597).

The file structure follows the one in [Recurrent Visual Attention Model implementation](https://github.com/Mgryn/recurrent-visual-attention) by kevinzakka, as it's very well organized and I have previous experience with this code.

## Motivation

I choose the U-net as it is easy to implement and very effective network in various image processing tasks. 

## File structure

- config.py: parameters of the network
- main.py: loads the dataset and starts training
- trainer.py: contains class for setting the model and starting training
- model.py: contains the U-net model
- modules.py: contains elements of the model
- data_utils.py: functions necessary for preprocessing, data loading and augmentations

## Future work

The project is not done yet, currently it consists only of the training loop, which is not full without the validation stage. 
After that it will be necessary to implement test stage. 
Current traininig loop will be remodeled soon in order to implement this changes. 

When the model will be finished, it would be good to introduce possbitity to work with bigger nuber of classes - currently it supports two.
